Added note in Internationalization (#2368)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing/internationalization.rst

Contributing
============

.. important::

>    Keep in mind that manim is still work in progress. Tutorials and Documentation will still change in the future. When a developer changes things in the manim repository, he/she will not check for translations. This means, that a part of the translations will become obsolete and lost over time. Indeed, improving and changing the English tutorials and documentation is still very much encouraged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Keep in mind that Manim is still a work in progress.
   Tutorials and Documentation are always subject to change.
   When a developer implements a new feature, they are not forced to respect any translations.
   This means that parts of the translation might become outdated over time.
   
   That being said, improving the documentation and making it more accessible is still highly encouraged.
   And even if your work gets outdated and requires change, you or someone else can simply adjust the translation.
   Your efforts are not in vail!
```
Now write `I shall not use a comma before "that".` 20 times on the blackboard. :wink:

Contributing
============

.. important::
   Keep in mind that Manim is still a work in progress.

>    Tutorials and Documentation are always subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Tutorials and documentation are always subject to change.
```
